Package Information
-------------------

Title			: Mark 4 Screening Smoke Grenade (Grey)

Filename/s		: Mk4Smk_Grey.max
			  Mk4Smk_Grey.3ds
			  /decals/*
			  *Note: Refer to index.txt in 
				 subdirectories for texture 
				 information

Author			: David "Vince" Newson

E-mail Address		: Vince@ShiftRunstop.com

Author Homepage		: http://www.ShiftRunstop.com/vince/

Misc. Author Info	: Feedback is welcome to any of the following:
			  ICQ: 44350650
			  MSN/Email: vince_the_runt@hotmail.com
			  AIM: Zombie000001

Location		: Oxfordshire, UK

Description		: Replica model of a British Army
			  Mark 4 Screening Smoke Grenade.
			  Believed to be accurate to 2mm.

Model Information
-----------------

Revision Number		: 1 (24/07/2004)

Polygon Count		: 18898

Vertecie Count		: 9481

UV Mapping		: Yes, standard block materials and Decal.

Materials		: Yes, 
			  1 texture map.

Objects			: 8

3D Editor/Version	: 3D Studio Max R5


Model Construction
------------------

Basis			: British Army Mark 4 Screening Smoke Grenade (Grey)

Build time 		: 1 week.

Known Bugs		: While a great deal of the model is 1:1 
			  with an Mk4 Smoke Grenade, the Spoon
			  and firing cap contain several inconsistencies, 
			  although are still majoritively accurate.
			  The firing "pin" is technically missing and 
			  I can find no diagrams to let me complete it, 
			  but it should technically be invisible to most 
			  people anyway. 
			  The serial number for the grenade is missing from
			  the underside.
			  These inaccuracys are due to a lack of 
			  concept images and size measurements.
			  The inside of the Mk4 grenade is not modelled as 
			  it should be (containing filters, metallic inserts,
			  firing mechanism, and compound.
 			  .3ds texture mapping co-ordinates are not
			  entirely sustained, but should be recoverable.
			  .3ds texture names are not sustained through to
			  the filenames in NTFS 64 character format, 
			  as opposed to 8.3.

Additional Notes	: The Smoke Grenade Trigger Hammer is off-angle at
			  fourty-five degrees from horizontal.

Copyright/Liscence	: You may freely distribute these files 
			  with documentation and credits attached.
			  This model may not be used for commercial 
			  purposes without the consent of the author,
			  however it may be used as a basis of creation 
			  of entirely new models less than 4000 poylgons.
			  If you choose to use this model in a project, 
			  I would be very pleased if you could 
			  include my name in credits, or inform me of 
			  its application, where appropriate.